Add Snowflake Data Connector (#105)
spiceai/quickstarts: snowflake/README.md

**Step 2.** Initialize and start Spice 

```bash
spice init snowflake-app
cd snowflake-app
spice run
```

The following output is shown in the Spice runtime terminal:

```bash
Spice.ai runtime starting...
2024-05-03T06:16:38.263784Z  INFO spiced: Metrics listening on 127.0.0.1:9000
2024-05-03T06:16:38.267184Z  INFO runtime::http: Spice Runtime HTTP listening on 127.0.0.1:3000
2024-05-03T06:16:38.267212Z  INFO runtime::flight: Spice Runtime Flight listening on 127.0.0.1:50051
2024-05-03T06:16:38.267277Z  INFO runtime::opentelemetry: Spice Runtime OpenTelemetry listening on 127.0.0.1:50052
```

**Step 3.** Configure Snowflake dataset

Obtain **Account** Identifier and **Warehouse** Name.
 - Login to [Snowflake Warehouse](https://app.snowflake.com/)
 - Select Admin » Accounts » Account to get Account Identifier
 - Select Admin » Warehouses » Warehouse to identify a Warehouse name

Use text editor to add Snowflake dataset to `spicepod.yaml`. Use values from previous step for `account` and `warehouse`. 

```yaml
version: v1beta1
kind: Spicepod
name: snowflake-app
datasets:
- from: snowflake:snowflake_sample_data.tpch_sf1.lineitem
  name: lineitem
  params: 

>     account: ztyvqyb-vgb35424

Reviewer: better to put a placeholder here

Author: Updated, thanks!

| N            | F            | 99141700   | 148750471038   | -595474952221   | -2994727549668   | 2551.647192052298  | 3828446.7760848305 | 5.009342667421629 | 38854       |
| N            | O            | 7447604000 | 11170172969774 | -44664820931570 | -223422983383122 | 2550.222676958499  | 3824911.798890827  | 4.999658605370408 | 2920374     |
| R            | F            | 3771975300 | 5656804138090  | -22610682824870 | -112931255676827 | 2550.5793612690773 | 3825085.462609966  | 5.000940583012706 | 1478870     |
+--------------+--------------+------------+----------------+-----------------+------------------+--------------------+--------------------+-------------------+-------------+

Time: 7.604522209 seconds. 4 rows.
```

**Step5 (Optional)** Enable [Data Acceleration](https://docs.spiceai.org/data-accelerators)

Use text editor to update `spicepod.yaml`

Before:

```yaml
version: v1beta1
kind: Spicepod
name: snowflake-app
datasets:
- from: snowflake:snowflake_sample_data.tpch_sf1.lineitem
  name: lineitem
  params: 

>     account: ztyvqyb-vgb35424

Reviewer: put placeholders here.

Author: Updated, thanks!

# Quickstart for Snowflake Data Connector

>[Snowflake](https://www.snowflake.com/) is a leading cloud-based data warehousing service that enables users to store, compute, and analyze vast amounts of data in real-time.

The guide demonstrates how to configure [Spice with Snowflake Data Connector](https://docs.spiceai.org/data-connectors/snowflake) to access a Snowflake database.

> The guide require Snowflake account. Start [free trial](https://signup.snowflake.com/) if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The guide requires a Snowflake account. Start [free trial](https://signup.snowflake.com/) if needed.
```
